# LethalAccess
## This is the development repo for Lethal Access. You can view live changes and view the source code for Lethal Access in this repo. Feel free to fork and make contributions, or just peak around!
## Development is currently paused. Read message below:
In-case anyone was wanting to contribute to this project while it is dormant, it is open source [here](https://github.com/GreenBeanGravy/LethalAccess-Dev). Please fork the repo, make your changes, and submit a pull request. I believe the references for the project are direct paths, so you made need to set up the references to BepInEx and game DLLs manually. I can provide direct support for setting up your environment, but it should be as easy as installing Visual Studio Community 2022 and opening the `".sln"` file.  If there is any interest in community development, I will add a guide and provide better references to DLLs. Lethal Speech Output should not require any updates and is attached to this message, but is also now accessible in the root of the LethalAccess-Dev repo!
I am currently pausing development for lethal-access due to the difficulty of developing for Lethal Company and until I have more motivation to do anything for it. Compared to other projects it poses a lot more difficulty in development and right now it is just something I do not have time for. Will provide any updates for it as they come out in the future. If anybody purchased Lethal Company due to the existence of the mod, I am fully willing to provide you a refund for what you paid for it as I can.
Right now Fortnite is still my main project though I am working on a few projects right now, such as Hollow Knight: Silksong, and Super Auto Pets!
